+++
date = 2018-11-01T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "Anchors and Abstracts: Sustaining Television News Archives"
time_start = 2018-11-28T00:00:00
time_end = 2018-12-01T00:00:00
abstract = "This poster (co-authored with Jim Duran) presents the results of a year-long study of the sustainability of television news archives, including a workshop on the legal, sustainability, and technical issues. The goal of the project was to explore possible points of collaboration between the libraries and archives actively-capturing broadcast television news, like UCLA NewsScape, TV News Archive at the Internet Archive, and the Vanderbilt Television News Archive, as well as other TV news collections like WGBH American Archive of Public Broadcasting and the Associated Press. A major result of this effort was a clearer understanding of the differences between collections with respect to the process of capturing broadcast news, creating metadata, fostering access, developing collection scope, and financial models. On the basis of these findings, we propose recommendations about future initiatives to improve the practice of collecting and preserving audiovisual news content."
abstract_short = "This poster (co-authored with Jim Duran) presents the results of a year-long study of the sustainability of television news archives, including a workshop on the legal, sustainability, and technical issues. The goal of the project was to explore possible points of collaboration between the libraries and archives actively-capturing broadcast television news, like UCLA NewsScape, TV News Archive at the Internet Archive, and the Vanderbilt Television News Archive, as well as other TV news collections like WGBH American Archive of Public Broadcasting and the Associated Press. A major result of this effort was a clearer understanding of the differences between collections with respect to the process of capturing broadcast news, creating metadata, fostering access, developing collection scope, and financial models. On the basis of these findings, we propose recommendations about future initiatives to improve the practice of collecting and preserving audiovisual news content."
event = "Association of Moving Image Archivists (AMIA) Conference 2019"
event_url = "http://www.amiaconference.net/2018-conference-speakers/"
location = "Portland, OR"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://ir.vanderbilt.edu/bitstream/handle/1803/9344/AnchorsAbstractsPoster.pdf?sequence=1&isAllowed=y"
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.

+++
