+++
date = 2018-06-11T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "Introduction to Wikidata: The 'Wikipedia' of Facts"
time_start = 2018-06-16T10:30:00
time_end = 2018-06-16T11:20:00
abstract = "This workshop introduces participants to Wikidata, an emerging platform for recording, editing, and querying information about any topic. With a focus on theological data, we will explore the various facets of Wikidata, examining the central role it plays within the Wikipedia universe as well as its potential for linking data across the Internet. Participants will also learn about WikiCite, an international initiative to build a comprehensive bibliographic database within Wikidata, and Scholia, an open source application for creating scholarly profiles from Wikidata. If you're wondering about the latest trends in scholarly communications, linked open data, and bibliographic databases, this workshop is for you. Best of all, you can start using Wikidata today without cost or licensing fees to accelerate the scholarly communications program at your theological institution."
abstract_short = "This workshop introduces participants to Wikidata, an emerging platform for recording, editing, and querying information about any topic."
event = "Annual Meeting of the American Theological Library Association"
event_url = "http://sched.co/ECfn"
location = "Indianapolis, Indiana"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = "https://gist.github.com/CliffordAnderson/97116b3a3874c59f61c18a9cc2f05576"

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
image = "wikidata-atla-2018.png"

+++
