+++
date = 2019-01-01T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "Introduction to TEI Publisher"
time_start = 2019-05-02T00:00:00
time_end = 2019-05-03T00:00:00
abstract = "This workshop introduces [TEI Publisher](https://teipublisher.com), a rapid application publishing framework for digital editions developed by Magdalena Turska and Wolfgang Meier. Participants will learn how to upload their TEI documents, customize the interface using ODD files, and publish their editions to the web."
abstract_short = "This workshop introduces [TEI Publisher](https://teipublisher.com), a rapid application publishing framework for digital editions developed by Magdalena Turska and Wolfgang Meier. Participants will learn how to upload their TEI documents, customize the interface using ODD files, and publish their editions to the web."
event = "Cultural Heritage at Scale 2019: Encoding Cultural Heritage at Scale"
event_url = "http://heritage-at-scale.info"
location = "Nashville, TN"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = "https://gist.github.com/CliffordAnderson/3b0be4b98060930df899e0e094cb98b5"

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.

+++
