+++
date = 2018-06-06T00:00:00  # Schedule page publish date.

title = "Geographical Indication and Religious Authenticity"
time_start = 2018-06-06T13:00:00
time_end = 2018-06-06T14:30:00
abstract = "A ‘geographical indication’ is a form of intellectual property protection designed to protect products with spatial associations in the minds of consumers. Think 'Cognac' or 'Dijon mustard.' Continuing a series on the theology of intellectual property, I examine the relevance of ‘geographical indications’ to religious faith. Given the connection of religious beliefs to specific places, how do we discriminate between authentic and inauthentic ties? By tracing the spatial displacement of religious practices in an age of wide-scale population movement, I discern how equivalents to ‘geographic indications’ emerge, transform, and function in everyday religious experience."
abstract_short = "Continuing a series on the theology of intellectual property, I examine the relevance of ‘geographical indications’ to religious faith."
event = "Christian Scholars' Conference"
event_url = "https://www.lipscomb.edu/csc/abstracts"
location = "Nashville, Tennessee"

# Is this a selected talk? (true/false)
selected = true

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = false

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = false

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.

+++
